bpo-29446: Improve tkinter 'import *' situation (#14864)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Library/2019-07-19-16-06-48.bpo-29446.iXGuoi.rst

> Make `from tkinter import *` import only the expected objects.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Make `from tkinter import *` import only the objects it should.
```
Serhiy can decide if this is an improvement.
